Any/Multiplayer Piano/MIDI-Player/ReadMe.md, before:

# MIDI Player (MOD for Multiplayer Piano)

### How to use
1. In the window where Multiplayer Piano (or clone) website is open, open the browser's dev tools console:
   - Chrome/Edge Keyboard Shortcut: 
     - Windows/Linux: `Shift + Control + J`
     - Mac: `Option + Command + J`
   - Firefox Keyboard Shortcut: 
     - Windows/Linux: `Shift + Control + K`
     - Mac: `Option + Command + K`
   - Safari Keyboard Shortcut:
     - `Option + Command + C`
2. Copy the code from this script:
   - [MIDI-Player.js](https://github.com/TheAlienDrew/Custom-JS/blob/master/Any/Multiplayer%20Piano/MIDI-Player/MIDI-Player.js)
3. Paste the code into the browser's dev tools console, and press enter.

You'll know it worked if you can see the `MIDI Player` button with the other buttons.

### Don't want to copy and paste every single time?
Create the bookmarklet instead for easy activation.
1. Copy the code from this file:
   - [MIDI-Player.js.bookmarklet](https://github.com/TheAlienDrew/Custom-JS/blob/master/Any/Multiplayer%20Piano/MIDI-Player/bookmarklet/MIDI-Player.js.bookmarklet)
2. Create a new bookmark, name it `MIDI Player (load mod)` or something that you can easily identify, and paste in the code where the URL would 

### Want to use the user script?

Location of the User-Script (`MIDI-Player.user.js`) is at:
https://github.com/TheAlienDrew/Custom-JS/tree/master/!-User-Scripts/Multiplayer%20Piano/MIDI-Player

## Credits

Thanks to [@grimmdude](https://github.com/grimmdude) for [MidiPlayerJS](https://github.com/grimmdude/MidiPlayerJS)!

Commit message:

Setup location for bookmarklets (instead of "Bookmark Ready")"

Any/Multiplayer Piano/MIDI-Player/ReadMe.md, after:

# MIDI Player (MOD for Multiplayer Piano)

### How to use

1. In the window where Multiplayer Piano (or clone) website is open, open the browser's dev tools console:
   - Chrome/Edge Keyboard Shortcut: 
     - Windows/Linux: `Shift + Control + J`
     - Mac: `Option + Command + J`
   - Firefox Keyboard Shortcut: 
     - Windows/Linux: `Shift + Control + K`
     - Mac: `Option + Command + K`
   - Safari Keyboard Shortcut:
     - `Option + Command + C`
2. Copy the code from this script:
   - [MIDI-Player.js](https://github.com/TheAlienDrew/Custom-JS/blob/master/Any/Multiplayer%20Piano/MIDI-Player/MIDI-Player.js)
3. Paste the code into the browser's dev tools console, and press enter.

You'll know it worked if you can see the `MIDI Player` button with the other buttons.

### Don't want to copy and paste every single time? Use the Bookmarklet!

Location of the Bookmarklet (`MIDI-Player.js.bookmarklet`) is at:
- https://github.com/TheAlienDrew/Custom-JS/tree/master/Any/!-Bookmarklets/Multiplayer%20Piano/MIDI-Player

### Want it auto activate? Use the User-Script instead!

Location of the User-Script (`MIDI-Player.user.js`) is at:
- https://github.com/TheAlienDrew/Custom-JS/tree/master/!-User-Scripts/Multiplayer%20Piano/MIDI-Player

## Credits

Thanks to [@grimmdude](https://github.com/grimmdude) for [MidiPlayerJS](https://github.com/grimmdude/MidiPlayerJS)!
